GCP cost optimization.
Yes.
So for this big customer in Germany,
we had this task a few years ago, five
years ago or six, I don't actually
remember when it started exactly,
but we had this huge ecosystem that
ran on premise and on a very old
data center in Germany.
So they were very worried that the
hardware would fail and all their
work would be destroyed actually.
So we started a very huge transfer of
resources to Google Cloud back then.
The goal back then was just
make sure everything was secure,
transfer to Google Cloud, implement
the solutions and everything.
So when it was done, and after that we
started to optimize every time
we could about costs and everything.
So in the last round of the optimization,
I was able to actually push some
ideas that I had for this, all this
period, and they were mostly all
approved and I was able to make a
very huge impact in their annual bill.
So it was really nice.
But most on this, most of the
skill here is actually this active
monitoring of the system, knowing
how to put labels and everything.
So you can have a very granular
response of how exactly this system
is spending resources regarding money.
So it's a project that I'm
really proud of the impact that
caused into this company.